Hey, good morning family. I have another
video for you. There is going to be a
celebrity that's very influential
and
popular. I saw a plot,
this is heavy again with
the demonic.
They will pretend
to be born again,
and they will
start
preaching the gospel,
saying that
Jesus Christ is Lord and he died for you.
They're going to come
out real strong with that.
Then I saw months go by,
and
they start preaching a universal
gospel—that
whatever you believe
in
is
okay.
Because they preached this gospel
first about Jesus being the only way to
get to heaven,
everybody believes it. Christians
were naive, like they always are. I hate to
say this, but a lot of times
they just accept everybody really
quick and are naive about
not discerning and seeing things
in the spirit realm. They are always
real quick to follow the leader.
We've got to be
discerning; we have to be wise as
serpents. You need to be
very discerning in
these last days because the enemy is
going to send people to try to
corrupt and trick people into
following a false gospel. Celebrity
deception.
I saw this celebrity—I won't
name the
person
because it's not
wisdom—come
on the scene. I know
exactly who it is, and it's somebody
big in the pop
world.
Teenagers are going to fall for this big
time. As parents, you need to be very
watchful of music and the things that are
happening because they're going to come on
the
scene, and because they're already huge
in the pop world, this is going to
sway a
lot of people.
Like I said, they come on
and
everything seems to be good. People
say
we can't judge them, it's
under grace, let them have their time.
Everybody
is
trying to just accept them
and
love them, but then they start
preaching that Buddha is the way to
heaven, all these other religions, and
that
everything's okay—that we're all linked
to one and serving one God.
All this other trash they're going
to
start spewing out of their mouth.
I saw this coming; this was a
prophetic warning that this person
is coming. Don't be
deceived just because they're a
celebrity and they say they have Jesus.
Use wisdom and discernment, and
let Jesus be your guide.
Just
because they're popular and
cool, don't let that be an influence
on your life.
Follow the voice of the Lord in these
last days.
The Lord warned me
also, saying, 'Brandon, there's going to be false
prophets.'He said
he told us there would be many
false prophets coming.
If you look at
what's going on on
YouTube right
now—and
I
honestly
don't watch a lot of other
people on
YouTube—there
is a prophetic brother on every
single channel. I didn't realize what was
going on over here;
this is absolutely insane. I'm not saying
all these people aren't hearing
God—maybe
some of them
are—but
I'm just saying there are a lot of voices
saying all kinds of
different stuff.
It's very alarming to me.
The Lord
told me, 'Do you not see the
scriptures being fulfilled right in
front of your face, son? There are many
false
prophets.'What's
amazing is a lot of them are
charismatic.
I don't
see a Buddha prophet, or a Muhammad
prophet, or a Hindu prophet, or even
satanists'prophets.
They're all
charismatic prophets, non-denominational,
out there on YouTube
prophesying.
It's very alarming after a
while. I said, 'Lord, help me.
I know you called me to do this,
but I don't want to
be lumped in
that crowd.'I separate
myself from some of this because it's
getting intense.
There's going to be a lot of this exposed
in the coming days.
I ain't here to point fingers at anybody
and say that one
is false.
You need to line it up with
the Word.
If they're talking about scripture,
leading you to pray,
or
teaching you how to fast and
stand against the
devil in the power
and
authority that's in you, then fine,
follow them. But if they just have
something popping a word
out all the time, see if it follows the Bible. If
it's just some random
thought,
be very watchful of
who you're
listening to. I had one girl in the
comments ask if I saw what another girl said in
her
prophetic word.
She was
telling me all this stuff, and
I had
never heard of this
person, so I went to look.
Oh my gosh, this is so off. This is wrong. I
looked and
they have
a ton of
subscribers. They're leading
these people, and
I'm thinking, 'No, this is not good.'There
are
a lot of bad voices out there.
I started looking at some of
these voices and
realized
they're listening to familiar spirits.
A lot of people are listening to
familiar spirits, and I hate to say
that, but it's the truth.
You
need to be very watchful of who
you're listening to. I'm
not pointing names or fingers, and I'm not going to
call
out because I'm not trying to
do that; that's wrong.
But I'm
going to tell you this: you all need to
have more discernment. You need to
listen to and pray in the Spirit more.
You need to seek God for yourself
and stop listening to a lot of this
nonsense. Get in the Word and find
scriptures to stand on for your life.
Follow the voice of the Lord for your
life; you don't need prophetic videos. You
have the same Holy Ghost
inside of you to lead you.
A lot of this is just like fortune
telling—going
from fortune teller to fortune
teller trying to find
a prophetic word for
whatever's going on.
I want to teach you
all about prayer,
the Bible,
your covenant,
the blood of Jesus,
and
your authority. I want to
teach you about the devil and what he's
trying to do to your life to kill,
steal,
and destroy you. You need to understand
who you are in Christ. God has put a
call on your life. If you have a
call on your life, this is why you are
going through
attacks.
Some of it is because you've opened
doors through sin. I
see
it in the comment section: people saying
they live
with
their
boyfriend but aren't having
a
sexual relationship.
Is that okay? No, it's
not okay.
Like Joseph, you've got to flee
from evil. When that
lady was trying to seduce him,
he stripped his robe off and
busted out the door.
Do not give the devil any place in your
life.
If that man is not able to put a
ring on your finger,
then God has
somebody else. That's your Ishmael; do not
stay with an Ishmael. Find your Isaac. There
are
so many people
on here desperate for love
and
marriage. You
think
you're
going to turn them around? No,
you're not.
The Bible says do not be unequally yoked
with unbelievers.
Do not tie your horse to a bad cart.
Follow God, and he has the right spouse
for you.
You don't want to tie yourself up with
the world. You say you're going to pray and get
him saved, but
right now you're just
fornicating.
No, get
out. Have respect for yourself. If you
say you
need him to
help
pay the bills, God is your supplier. He's
going to take care of you. Don't
fall and go to hell for sex or for
a relationship that is not based
upon Godly principles.
Find somebody that loves the Word and
will pray with you.
Marriage is hard enough as it is, okay?
But if you don't have
somebody there that, when you're down
and having a bad report, you
can grab their hands and pray with you
and say, 'Man, I need you to pray with me.
Honey, would you intercede with me? I'm
overcoming.'Whether
the kids are sick or
whatever, we've got to pray, we've got to get
in faith and believe. Well, 'I don't know
anybody like
that.'Find
somebody
there. It's okay. God's going to bring
them.
Start fasting, start making a
list. I made a list. This is what
I'm believing for. I'm believing for this and this,
and in
a woman I
want this, and in a man I want this. Father, I
thank you that you're going to bring my
heart. God said that he'd give you the
desires of your heart. Praying
over
my
wife,
so I pray. That's what I did with
my wife: 'Father, I want this
and
I want you to do this.'And
I'd
start seeing, 'I
thank you that you give me the desires
of my heart,'even the things that I
don't even know that I'm praying for.
But I cover her in the blood. I prayed
over her as a child. You know, when
you start thinking, whenever we were
younger... I started
interceding for my wife back when I
was ten years old. I started praying over
her: 'Father, I thank you that you keep her
protected and keep her pure, keep her a
virgin. Don't let her be a little Jezebel
out sleeping around. God, I thank you, Lord,
you keep her protected.'I pray for
my life all the time as a ten-year-old. I
grew up like that. I just interceded and
that's what you're going to do as an adult.
'Well, I've never done that
before.'No,
you can pray now: 'Father, I
thank you, Lord, that you bring me a godly
spouse.
Thank you, Lord, that you bring somebody
that knows the Word. Thank you that
they're hungry.'You want to go to church
on Sundays; I don't have to drag them to
church, drag them out, whatever.
Please! And be a nag?
You don't want to hook
your horse up to a
broken wagon.
Follow the voice of God for your life.
Then, whenever times get hard, you can
lean on that person and
they can lean on you, and you can be iron
sharpens iron.
You don't want a bozo.
Don't settle for an Ishmael.
If they are not respectable enough to
put a ring on your finger and
propose
to you, and all they do is use you,
why buy the cow if the milk's free?
You know, that's why... I hate to say that,
but
it's true. You've got
to understand
a respectable man's going to propose to you,
and you're not going to sit there and keep
dragging them along, saying, 'We've got to make
this work.'No, if you're
a believer and you're in an unequally
yoked
relationship, get out! Run for your
life! We're in the end of the end here.
This is not a time to be dumb. This is a
time to know Jesus is coming.
Stop living in compromise.
Stop it!
So I get on these rants and I'm trying
to tell you all because I love you guys.
I appreciate you listening to me, but
I'm trying to tell you: love tells the
truth. Love helps you
because I know the wages of sin is death
and we can't
keep going down these roads. I see the
conversation, like I said, and I just
have compassion for you all because I
want you to have good in your life. Live
life in abundance to the full until it
overflows. You want to live the life
of
overflow: overflow of joy, overflow of peace,
overflow of kindness and
goodness and self-control. Overflow,
not bound by devils. How do you do this?
Okay, this is another part: be
inspired.
Stay inspired. You need to be
filled with the Holy Ghost, being
inspired. I found a book and I'm going to
put it in the description.
This is the book
that I'm listening to
and I'm reading right now. It's about the
Azusa Street Revival. The Lord told me, he
said, 'Stay filled with my presence. Be
excited. I want you to stay inspired. Be
inspired by my spirit every day, son, so
that you are not leaking
out.'We
can
leak out, but we've got to stay
filled with the presence of God. And how
you do that is find people who are like
you. Iron sharpens iron. That's what I'm
talking about. So I find books. I find
people who have walked this before, like
Smith Wigglesworth and John G. Lake and
some of these elderly men that
were way before us back in the 1920s.
They've lived it; they walked in it. Find
old books on
revivals. They saw great healings; they
saw great manifestations of the Lord. I
want to know how they got that. So you
start finding old books. You can find
them online all over the place.
I find my books on
Apple sometimes, trying to find Revival,
and I find these at Mardel if you have a
Mardel
in your town or
at
Christian
bookstores. So I just try to find stuff,
read those books, and stay inspired so
that you can feed your spirit and be
encouraged to keep going.
Because if it's garbage in,
garbage out; spirit in, spirit out. The
more you feed on the spirit, the more you
feed on the Holy Ghost and the Word, the more
you are able to give that out. But
if you're continually feeding on
trash, like the
Kardashians,
you're not going to be
able to spew the spirit out. You're not
going to be able to help people
because you're full of Kardashian! Stay inspired. You
need to be filled with the Holy Ghost.
You need to get that down inside of
you. And so
you do that by reading good stuff. You
need to get these good books inside of
you so you can help other people.
And that's how you stay inspired. You've got
to be inspired. Be
excited about things. And so I find, like
I said, I find books on the anointing, I
find books on the Holy Ghost and
speaking in tongues and in prophecy,
all kinds of stuff. I find stuff on
YouTube, like worship
music.
Kari
Jobe, I
listen to her. She gets me excited. I
worship and I get excited about the
Holy Ghost. You've got to keep yourself
filled.
Be
filled with the Holy Ghost, filling
yourself up with the Word and
encouragement
so that you're able to help in
these
last days. But like I said, I'm reading
this book right now and this book is
amazing. I told you about George
Washington Carver, I believe that's his
actual
name, 'The Man Who Talks with the
Flowers.'Read
that book; it's amazing. It
will change your life. These books are
amazing because these men and these
women
walked this; they've walked it
before us. They've died and
went home to be with the Lord, but you
can reflect on some of this
stuff and it encourages you. You go,
'Wow, if they did it, I can do
it.'And
that's where I live. So
that's what I have for you in this video.
I hope it made
sense
and everything was good about it.
I just appreciate you all being a
part of my little family here. I
appreciate all your encouragement,
the love gifts,
the likes, the
shares, and all the things you do for me.
I appreciate you being here with me
today. I ask you to put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much and we'll see you next
time. Bye-bye.